Welcome to VideoUploaderForTikTok! We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you use our video uploader application ("Application"). Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access the application.

1. Collection of Your Information

We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect via the Application includes:

Personal Data: Personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, and telephone number, that you voluntarily give to us when you choose to participate in various activities related to the Application.
Derivative Data: Information our servers automatically collect when you access the Application, such as your native actions that are integral to the Application, as well as other interactions with the Application and other users.
Mobile Device Access: We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s camera, microphone, and storage. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
2. Use of Your Information

Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the Application to:

Enable user-to-user communications.
Generate a personal profile about you to make future visits to the Application more personalized.
Increase the efficiency and operation of the Application.
Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the Application.
3. Disclosure of Your Information

We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:

By Law or to Protect Rights: If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation.
4. Security of Your Information

We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse.

5. Policy for Children

We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.

6. Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons.

7. Contact Us

If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

mp672@njit.edu
9733936976
