Terms of Service for VideoUploaderForTikTok
1. Introduction

Welcome to VideoUploaderForTikTok! These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your use of our video uploader application and services (collectively, "Services"), which are provided by [Your Name or Your App Name].

By using our Services, you are agreeing to these Terms. Please read them carefully. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must not use our Services.

2. Using Our Services

You must follow any policies made available to you within the Services. You may use our Services only as permitted by law, including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations. Using our Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Services or the content you access.

3. Your Account

You might need an account to use some of our Services. You may create your own account, or your account may be assigned to you by an administrator, such as your employer. If you are using a TikTok Account assigned to you, different or additional terms may apply and your administrator may be able to access or disable your account.

4. Privacy Protection

Our Privacy Policy explains how we handle your personal data and protect your privacy when you use our Services. By using our Services, you agree that we can use such data in accordance with our privacy policies.

5. Content in Our Services

You may submit content to our Services, including videos and personal information. You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content. In short, what belongs to you stays yours.

6. Software in Our Services

When a Service requires or includes downloadable software, this software may update automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available.

7. Modifying and Terminating Our Services

We are constantly changing and improving our Services. We may add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop a Service altogether. You can stop using our Services at any time, although we'll be sorry to see you go.

8. Our Warranties and Disclaimers

We provide our Services using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care and we hope that you will enjoy using them. But there are certain things that we don't promise about our Services.

9. Liability for Our Services

When permitted by law, [Your Name or Your App Name], will not be responsible for lost profits, revenues, or data, financial losses or indirect, special, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages.

10. About These Terms

We may modify these Terms or any additional terms that apply to a Service to, for example, reflect changes to the law or changes to our Services. You should look at the Terms regularly. We’ll post notice of modifications to these Terms on this page. Changes will not apply retroactively and will become effective no sooner than fourteen days after they are posted.

Contact Information

For any questions or concerns regarding these Terms, please contact us at mp672@njit.edu
